Add is_equal  snippet (#2)
30-seconds/30-seconds-of-julia: snippets/all_equal.md

---
title: all_equal
tags: list,beginner
---

> Check if all elements in an array are equal.

Reviewer: `list` or `array`? Tags and phrasing should be consistent. I don't know if these are interchangeable in the context of Julia, but I suppose we should stick with only one when phrasing descriptions and tags for snippets. We might also want to update the `average` snippet to follow the convention if we decide to go with `array` instead of `list`.

Author: It's array and not list in Julia so let's go with array.

> Use `Set(arr)` to create a new set of unique values. If the `length()` of the Set is "1", you know that all the values are equal.

Reviewer: Each sentence should start on a new line in general.

> Use `Set(arr)` to create a new set of unique values. If the `length()` of the Set is "1", you know that all the values are equal.

Reviewer: Use `` `1` `` instead of `"1"`.

> Use `Set(arr)` to create a new set of unique values. If the `length()` of the Set is "1", you know that all the values are equal.

Reviewer: Maybe the second sentence should be rephrased to something like: 
```suggestion
Use `Set(arr)` to create a new set of unique values. 
Compare the `length()` of the Set to `1` to check if all the values are equal.
```

> ```Julia

Reviewer: Also all code blocks should use the shorthand ` ```jl `, not ` ```Julia `. I'll update the other snippet, too. Follow the template. :wink:
